Chapter III
    The programs must be developed in C language of C11 standard using gcc compiler.
    The program code of the cat and grep must be located on the develop branch in the src/cat/ and src/grep/ folders, respectively
    Do not use outdated and legacy language constructions and library functions. Pay attention to the legacy and obsolete marks in the official documentation on the language and the libraries used. Use the POSIX.1-2017 standard.
    The programs must be executable files with command line arguments
    The programs must be built with Makefile with appropriate targets: my_cat, my_grep
    If third-party libraries are used, there must be build scripts in makefile to connect/load them
    Integration tests must cover all flag variants and input values, based on a comparison with the behavior of real Bash utilities
    The programs must be developed according to the principles of structured programming
    Code duplication must be avoided, common modules must be reused between the utilities. Common modules can be moved to a separate folder src/common
    You can use standard and non-standard C libraries, or you can use your own developed libraries from other projects
    The statement of the message in the case of an error does not matter
    Input via stdin is not required to be supported


Part 1. Working with the cat utility
You need to develop a cat utility:
    Support of all flags (including GNU versions) specified above
    The source, header, and build files must be placed in the src/cat/ directory
    The resulting executable file must be placed in the directory src/cat/ and named my_cat

Part 2. Working with grep utility
You need to develop the grep utility:
    Support of the following flags: -e, -i, -v, -c, -l, -n
    Only pcre or regex libraries can be used for regular expressions
    The source, header and make files must be placed in the src/grep/ directory
    The resulting executable file must be placed in the directory src/grep/ and named my_grep

Part 3. Bonus. Implementation of some grep utility flags
Bonus assignment for extra points. You need to develop the grep utility:
    Support of all flags, including: -h, -s, -f, -o
    Only pcre or regex libraries can be used for regular expressions
    The source, header and make files must be placed in the src/grep/ directory
    The resulting executable file must be placed in the directory src/grep/ and named my_grep

    123   
123
		123
	123
123

1.txty


123 ii

111 ololo

321
		ii
321 II
flags are
sgalf


321


111

111
